
komm : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
nedbarea : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
jordtype : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
nmin : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
aar_mod : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, Weather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
potnmin : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
forfrugt : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
jordn : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
exptgens : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
pesticid : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, Pest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
mod_nmin : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
ngodnt : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
nopt : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
ngodnn : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
ngodn : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
nprot : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
rokap : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, Weather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
saatid : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
dgv1059 : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, Weather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
sort : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
srtprot : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
dg25 : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, Weather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
ngtilg : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
nplac : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
ntilg : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
saamng : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
saakern : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
tkvs : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
frspdag : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, Weather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
jordinf : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
partigerm : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, Pest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
markgrm : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, Pest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
antplnt : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, Pest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
sorttkv : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
aks_m2 : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
keraks : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
dgv5980 : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
aks_vgt : Soil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
srtsize : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
ksort : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
protein : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
udb : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
spndx : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, Miscellaneous variables
tkv : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
slt22 : notSoil-related variables, notCrop-related variables, Nutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
s2225 : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
s2528 : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
bgbyg : notSoil-related variables, Crop-related variables, notNutrient-related variables, notPest-related variables, notWeather-related variables, notMiscellaneous variables
